who never wanted to be a pilot a dream
so distant for most of us
only that the builder of race cars
wants to bring the world closer to
clues to our reality
a story we'll meet now
with level you tired of renting a car
at the weekend to have fun at
track is wanting more excitement when I go
give you a pretty good idea
run by car
that's right on a real track with
cart that is the greatest charm
60's mini cooper replica
who is setting up the son's studio?
mining engineer vinicius pimentel
sporting a friend of mine had a mini
stopped
he did a damn thing doing to the
few is that my dream has always been to have
an
a iffhs the first shot the mold
developed chafes adaptation and how
adjusted in the automobile environment
my main goal would be to strengthen
or motoring - I made a replica to
me, which occurred during a year or
two and then I decided to do the category
and sit and encourage new pilots
anyone who wants can sign up for the cup
that the vinícius is organizing will be
three tests in the second half of this
mega space all year in santa luzia
Minas Gerais
then the idea is to spread through Brazil
knows only 14
funny
I want strength
hum and what race car even incidentally
It's the race car in the sport.
ah
also abel
Aloof take care
he is very nervous me
even if they are installed in the garage of the
vinicius 11 these carts are pure
fun
The mechanics come from some fiat mille that
he buys at auctions
the 1.4 1.4 engine without the restrictions of
emission of pollutants
the suspension is prepared for
competition the wheels are wider and the
slick tires but it does not mess anymore
anything
kan panel is all the same with shell
I was gay call to come to walk
new here over the weekend and enjoy
that there is no one in the bay
goodbye ann
ah